How to set up a fored dish experience. So in one of the video we have added this screen chicken salad and we have activated this dish as 40 dish. You can see from here we have toggled this. So this is the initial step to set up any dish as 40 dish. After saving from here, you need to go to this 4D dish section. And you can see all the dishes here which you have marked as a 4D dish experience from the smart menu section in menu designer. So as we have marked only this dish grilled chicken salad and rest of the dishes are not marked as 40. So so we can see the green chicken salad here. For now it's saying no model. So there are two different method to attach a 3D model in it. First is upload manually. So you can add a GB and USDZ file. In case you want to create your own model with animation from the 3D software, you can export into these two files and you can click save after that. And then we have a second option which is generate with AI. So basically you can generate this dish as 3D dish by clicking on this generate button. Of course it will take one of your credit. So you can see we also have a two option here. Either you want to feed this image to AI. If you think this image is perfect to generate a 3D model, you can use this existing or if you think you have some distracting element in the background in this image, then you can upload a separate image by clicking on this button. You can read this recommendation quickly and you can of course click here to download sample images to understand better what kind of images you require to use this AI perfectly. So we are going to use both of the matter. So let's add one more forward dish from the smart menu section. I just have added a new category. So I already have covered how to add these dishes in a smart menu in one of the video. So I'm not covering this part. So let's just mark this dish as 4D dish. You can activate it from here and click save. Now let's go back to your 4D dish page and refresh it. So now we can see our newly added dish strawberry cheesecake here. As we have marked this as 4D dish, right? So for grilled chicken salad I'm going to use upload manual method as I have GB format and USDC format file. I will click on save. All right, it's done. You can see your 3D model here with the animation. Let's use generate with AI method. I'm going to use existing dish photo as I'm thinking it doesn't have any distracted object in the background and it's clearly visible. Of course, this will use one of your credit from the plan. Let's click generate. All right. Strawberry cheesecake model is generated. By default, it set the size 25 into 25 cm. You can of course change it from this slider. And if you think this is the right size, you can click apply to 40 dish. Of course, you need to click on publish button in your menu designer page. If you are changing the size but if you are just assigning the model or if you just generated the model using AR, you don't need to click on publish button. It will automatically be added in your smart menu. You can access it using view on your dish button. But whenever you change your size from this slider, you need to click on apply to 4D dish button first and then you need to click on the publish button. You can zoom in using middle mouse button or temporarily you can use this slider to see it carefully. And when you are happy, you can set the perfect scale. Click apply and click on publish. That's pretty much it. If you have any question, comment it down. Thank you so much for watching.