Hi, so this is the quick tour video for menu designer. On the left we have some sections. These sections are arranged in sort of order. So you need to finalize first of all personalized section then smart menu and then so on. On the right we have live preview of your smart menu that you're designing. In your case, this smart menu should be empty. But I have already added some categories and dishes. So that's why it's showing some information here. So let's start with the personalized section. So we have first option of restaurant name. Basically, it's a display name that are displaying on top of your smart menu which we can change it from here. Then we have a two options for the default experience which is default mode and default menu view. If you want to open your smart menu in light mode you can select light mode. So whenever your guest will open your smart menu it will open in light mode by default. And you also can change the menu view from list view to grid view. Let's keep it list view and dark mode for now. Then we have option for currencies and languages. You can select the default currencies from here and default languages from here. You also can add multiple currencies and multiple languages which your guest can access from these icons. Let's move on the next section which is smart menu. So I already have added some of the categories and some of the dishes. So there are two different approach to create your smart menu. First is we can use AI menu extractor. This is very simple and advanced. You just need to import your existing menu PDF by clicking on this button. We have separate video on this. So I'm going to skip this part in this video. Then we have other approach which is manually. You can add category by clicking on this button and you can select icon here and you can see the translation is instantly happening. You can check translation by clicking on these buttons and you can edit it manually also. Let's click on save. And you can already notice we have a new category button added in our smart menu. Let's start adding dishes in this category. So this is very userfriendly UI. You can start from adding dish image by clicking on this box. Let's select this green chicken salad image. And you can notice the dish name is picked from the image name. So we command keep your images name as the dish name. And you can check translation already been added. You can select wedg or nonvetch from here. Set up pricing and the rest details are optional. You can fill those if you want to provide these information to your guest. In calories, you can feel how many calories this dish has. In prep time, you can enter the time, how many minutes it will take to prepare this dish. And then you can add ingredients. You also can add a short description of this dish or you can just click on this generate details button which will add all the ingredients and short description based on the dish name using our AI. Let's click on okay. You can see we have ingredients and a short description and we also have all the translations. Then we have a last section which we have a 4D dish experience. If you want to make this dish as 4D dish then you have to toggle this. This is the initial step but this is not the complete step. We also need to follow these further steps which we have already covered in other videos. But this is the initial step. You need to mark this dish as forward. You can click save and you can see we have a dish added also. You can check in your live preview. We have this dish added. And as we have marked this dish as 40 then you can see a 40 tag here and a 40 tag here. To complete the process to make this dish as 4D, you need to visit on this section which is 4D dishes. But we already have covered this section in separate video. So you can watch that out. Let's move on to the next section which is theme and style. So for now we only have limited themes option here but by the time you're watching this video more than 10 themes options will be added and we are going to keep updating these themes. Then we have a next tab brand color where we can change the theme color from here. And these brand colors works in all the themes. You can click on this icon to just reset it. Then we have a custom branding option where you can upload your custom logo and custom cover for both of the mode dark and light. Same in the cover. So the custom logo will be replaced this 4D smart menu logo which is coming on top left of your smart menu and custom cover will replace this golden leaf default video. So let's move to the next section which is features. Here you have control to toggle your feature on and off. When take order feature is on, you will see this cart icon and also you will see this add to order button. When you will turn it off, the cart icon is gone and add to order button is replaced by the view detail button. Then you have a collect review feature. When you turn it on then you will notice this button will be added. Also you can see the Google review tab is available. Now you can enter your Google place ID here which we have covered in separate video. You can check that video by clicking on this button. So when you add ID then whenever user click on this tap to review button it will directly open your Google review page where user can add a review easily. If you will not add any Google place ID here then all the reviews will be seen in the admin console. Next feature is call waiter. When you turn it on you can see a new button has been added in your smart menu by which your guest can call a waiter easily. Then we have auto greetings. You can see greetings on top of your display name. When you turn it off, it will be removed. Let's turn on all the menu feature for now. We also have advanced layout where you can design your table view layout and you can also see and manage the operations immersively. We have a separate video on this. So let's move on to the last section which is QRN link. This is the permanent QR of your smart menu. Even if you make changes in your smart menu in future, this won't change. You can of course download it in PNG and SVG format. You also can change the resolution from here and you can also customize your QR. And when everything is done and you have completely designed your smart menu, then you can click on this button, publish live. That's pretty much it. If you have any questions, you can comment it down. We will reply. Thank you so much for watching this video.