How to set up table view using view designer. First of all, go to features section in menu designer and then click on open advanced layout button. It will open view designer in a new page. Here you need two images of your restaurant layout. First is the day layout image. Second is the night layout image. Let's start with the day layout image. So this is the day layout image of my restaurant. Let's add the night layout image also. All right, night layout image has been added. You can toggle it by clicking on this button. Using middle mouse and scroll button, you can zoom in. You can start creating tables by using these two buttons. Let's create a round table and place it properly. Of course, you can zoom in and you can also pan. And you have a control to change the opacity of the background and your tables. You can scale it down. Also, you can right click and duplicate it. Make sure you're placing your tables correctly as these numbers are the table numbers. All right, we can see these tables are kind of mirror image of these tables. We can use this mirror tool. But to select multiple tables at once, we need to toggle this select multiple tool. And you can click and drag and you can select multiple tables. Then let's click on mirror and click on mirror horizontally and you can place them together correctly. You can turn it off and you can start placing rest of the tables. And you can see this table shape is bit oval. So you can right click, you can click on this unlock ratio. So you can scale the table shape freely. You can lock it later on. So now when you're done with the left side, you can mirror the right side. This is one time setup. So you can invest your time accordingly. All right, we have couple of tables. This one and this one as rectangle. So you can click on this square button and you can right click, you can unlock ratio. You can scale the shape freely. Now when you are happy with your layout, you can simply click on launch button. Okay, your table view has been launched and you can access it from the admin console and the staff console also. So this is the admin console. You can access table view from here and you can see this table has ongoing orders. You can click it and you can manage it. You can either start cooking or you can mark served. If you don't like this feature, you can turn it off. Of course you have opacity control here also and you can mark any table available VIP or reserved. So it's very immersive way to manage all the operations from the table view. And this is the staff console. You can access table view by clicking on this button. That's pretty much it. If you have any questions, you can comment it down. Thank you so much for watching.